[Jason Brown] You wanna gangbang. homie.
or what?
Why are you looking away. dog?
Grown men look at each-fucking-other
in the eyes. homeboy.
You a hard gangster.
Look at me in my face
and talk to me like a man.
Bottom line is we're not gangbanging here.
We're here for fucking graduation.
That means I wanna get you a scholarship.
get you the fuck out of here.
I'm gonna help dudes
become better young men.
fucking learn how to raise
their fucking family. do the real shit.
Because I'm telling you.
the real world's gonna hit us in the mouth
like a train in 18 months.
You know I was a gangbanger?
So you know.
all-Blood neighborhood. homie.
the only white motherfucker.
I did go to jail. and I did do 18 months.
but never smoked. never sold
and got out the hood.
Because. you know why?
Character fucking counts.
That's the gangster. dog.
I don't see you doing that shit. homie.
But you wanna go around
fucking hoo'-banging on dudes.
This ain't the fucking place.
We're in Kansas.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
["Home on the Range" playing]
♪ Home. home on the range ♪
♪ Where the deer and the antelope play ♪
♪ Where seldom is heard
A discouraging word ♪
♪ And the skies are not cloudy all day ♪
[man 1] At one time.
we had the most millionaires per capita
than anywhere else in the United States.
This small town.
[man 2] The oil money
pretty much built the town.
It supported the town
and the country club.
and it was a bustling. thriving town.
[man 3] Even during the depths
of the Depression.
there were no empty storefronts.
Now. just driving down the main street.
you can see empty storefronts
left and right.
[man 4] Arco left Independence
and they moved to Houston.
[man 5] Sinclair Oil and Gas. it's gone.
Used to have a JCPenney's. that's gone.
That was a biggie. Between that
and the hospital. that really hurt.
There's a deal on Facebook like.
"The Ten Best Small Towns in Kansas."
And we're never in that. [chuckles]
[man 6] If you're not winning
they're not happy.
[man 7]  I don't think they win
many over here.
We got a junior college
we'd like to give away. [laughs]
Been pretty rough. you know. and
haven't had a winning season in 20 years.
[anchor 1] Rub the salt in the wound.
destroying the Independence Pirates.
[anchor 2] Iowa Western pulverizes
the Pirates 63-nothing.
[man 8] 56-nothing. 63-nothing...
Those type of things.
It's hard to get yourself to go and watch.
[man 3] Most people
who live in Independence
like living in Independence.
But we're all concerned
about what's gonna happen next.
[laughing] I don't know
what the solution is.
It's not just us. It's nationwide.
Little towns are drying up.
[man 9] Society has changed. so you know.
I guess. probably.
all small towns are dying. in a way.
[man] Hey. everybody. I'm Dan Barwick.
I'm the president of
Independence Community College.
We're gonna give you another family here.
We're gonna go to your games. We're
gonna provide you with a place to study.
We're gonna provide you
with some excellent home-cooked food.
We're gonna talk to you when you're down.
We're gonna congratulate you
when you're up.
And we're gonna make you feel
like you are part of our family.
because while you're in Independence.
while you're at ICC.
you are part of our family...
We had a football team that had.
to put it mildly. a modest win record.
I remember them losing 21 games in a row
and marveling
at how the community stuck with them.
But at a certain point.
you have to ask yourself.
"Okay. if we are one of the main sources
of entertainment for this community.
of recreation for this community.
what are we going to bring
to this community?"
If you're going to have a sports team.
that sports team
needs to be an excellent team.
And. the truth is.
it all comes down to the coach.
We knew we had to find
somebody really good.
He was not interested in coming here
unless we were gonna create
something that was truly remarkable.
If you know Jason. you know
he's a creature of pure testosterone.
But I think everybody knew
this was the guy.
[The Game's "Where I'm From" playing]
♪ I'm a B-L-double-O-D ♪
♪ Been on songs
With S-N-double-O-P ♪
[Brown] Probably worst neighborhood
in the country in the '80s. growing up.
This block right here.
you didn't wanna mess around. go down.
The very last block towards the park.
you didn't want to go down.
[Cornell Ward]
That boy straight outta Compton.
It was tough. [chuckles]
It wasn't no cakewalk.
It was dangerous grounds at all times.
You had to keep your head on a swivel
or you get your head knocked off.
He played for me at Compton.
He played in the hood.
[Brown] We had a dirt track.
parents pushing babies in a cart
across the field during the game.
I've seen it all. I don't think
it gets any more JUCO than me.
JB was a good teammate.
He was the Eminem of the crew.
Bunch of misfits just coming together.
Motherfuckers was smoked out drugs
and would drink 40s in the locker room
before the game. And then go out
and smack a cat. [exclaims]
[Brown] So after I played junior college.
I got a free agent shot
with the Kansas City Chiefs.
Played arena football in Bakersfield
and started coaching right away.
Ever since then.
it's gone like a whirlwind.
For five years.
they had not reached the playoffs.
Jason Brown has done wonders
with this program.
Jason came in to a program
at Cabrillo High School
that really didn't have
a lot of football tradition or history.
and wanted to revolutionize the program.
He did things we'd never seen there.
In the parking lot after practice.
picking up their kids to get 'em
to transfer to his high school.
[man 1] He knows how to talk
to the young ones.
Listen to him talk.
you're gonna listen to somebody talking
in the language
that those youngsters understand.
[man 2] He's the Suge Knight of football.
[laughing]
[Ward] He's able to get to those guys
who are All-Americans.
who got it all and a bag of chips.
and get them to settle and understand
that it's not about you. it's about us.
[Brown] They don't like me coming in.
stirring it up. Winning right away.
[man] That's what you do.
That's what this guy do. Dave.
He go to every spot. stir some shit up
and leave.
[all laugh]
[Brown] Now you're in rural Kansas.
A small town. small school.
It's been at the bottom in this league
for 30 years.
and everyone's questioning.
"Is this crazy bastard the guy?"
I know that was gonna be talk.
and I had to tell 'em every day.
"This will work out.
I know how to turn around programs.
That's what I've done a lot of places.
If you'll let me go full go. I'll do it."
And the rest is history.
I ended up at Independence.
[player] Red line! Red line!
[Black Beatles' "Rae Sremmurd"
playing over speakers]
[indistinct chatter]
[whistle blowing]
[Brown] You guys are fucked.
And I don't need you motherfuckers. man.
We look like a fucking
Pop Warner youth organization. man.
Hey. are you gonna
get the fucking snap off today?
How many fucking times. man?
You practice what you fucking preach
in the game.
Hey. my bad. you might have
a fucking nose guard on you.
Minus one. Same fucking drill.
Look at the fucking script.
I don't have my hearing aids in.
I don't think. No. I took 'em off.
From here. I can't hear them that well.
I hear him getting loud.
What coach doesn't?
[player 1] Go!
-[whistle blowing]
-[players clamoring]
-[coach] Great job on the back side.
-It's starting to come together.
Hurry up! Starting to come together.
[Richardson] Look at their roster.
they're loaded.
You just get talent here now
that we haven't seen before.
We got a quarterback
that Florida State put up here.
And you got a bunch of linemen
been put up here.
[man] Gimme some!
[Richardson] You got guys in here
who are Division I caliber.
These are quality kids.
The town is really gung ho
on this right now.
We got tired of being doormats
in the conference.
They'll probably fill
the stadium up Saturday.
High expectations.
-[whistle blowing]
-[Brown] End zone! End zone! End zone!
[player 1] End zone! End zone! End zone!
[player 2] There's a cow over there!
-[player 3] Is that a cow or a bull?
-[player 4] Yeah. I think that's a bull.
Let me get him. Coach.
Who wanna eat tonight?
[Brown] That motherfucker will rush you.
I hope they know that it will rush them.
Don't let that bitch come over here.
[Brown] Who's this guy?
He got a gun. homie.
-Oh. shit!
-[coach] Who the hell is that?
[Brown] Who's the guy with the gun?
Cow over there.
Coach. I know about the cow.
The guy has a fucking gun.
Get them over there.
Coach Keith. get them in the end zone.
-[player 1] This some country-ass shit.
-[cow moos]
-[Brown] Motherfucker about to shoot him?
-[player 2] No. don't shoot that shit!
-[Kiyoshi Harris] Don't shoot the cow!
-[gun fires]
-[player 1] Oh. no!
-[player 2] Aw!
[player 3] Hell naw!
Is that legal?
-[player 3] It's a tranquilizer!
-[player 4] It's a tranquilizer!
-[player 2] Ain't fucking with it.
-[player 1] Bitch got loose!
[Lawann Latson]
He finna' fall in a minute.
[player 1] I wanna see him drop. Oh!
[Brown] Oh. shit.
Motherfucker's rushing him.
-[Latson] Oh. Lord.
-[players exclaiming]
Oh. shit. Go over there.
-[players clamoring]
-[whistle blows]
-Oh. shit! Uh-oh. uh-oh.
-[cow mooing]
Offense. over there. Defense. over there.
Turn it around. real quick.
[Brown] I've never inherited a program
that's been a winner.
I don't know what that's like.
I don't know if I'd ever want
to take that job either.
I've always coached in the inner city
where the school was always bad.
The kids always had the stereotype
of not being able to understand.
they couldn't adapt.
they couldn't overcome.
At Independence.
they didn't have coach's offices.
They didn't have a weight room. didn't
have locker rooms. didn't have anything.
They were the laughingstock of the league.
But with our new rule. you know. we went
from being a 20 out-of-state limit roster.
and now
we're unlimited out-of-state roster.
And I think that's gonna
really change the game.
I'm on my coaches' butts
that recruiting is our blood life.
We gotta turn over rocks
and find kids at all costs.
Last year was "win."
this year is "expect to win."
And now we gotta make it happen.
The quality of player I have.
everybody thinks I'm buying them a car.
house and steak.
Malik Henry. number one quarterback
in the country. goes to Florida State.
Every place ain't for everybody.
You know. I got three in the NFL.
18 Division I quarterbacks.
He's the best I've ever had.
[Jesse Ornelas] I believe we had the best
running back in the country. Rakeem Boyd.
He came from Texas A&M.
He had some grade issues.
had to find a JUCO and he's an NFL back.
If he scores in the first play.
don't be surprised.
[Rakeem] When I got here.
coach said.
"You know we got some dudes. right?
It's not gonna be easy."
They got a dude from Michigan.
Gotta bring my A-game every day.
[Kingston]
I haven't played since school.
So I wanted to go to an atmosphere where
I could play instead of just practicing.
Me and Rakeem are both
100-yards-a-game backs.
[Jamal Scott] I wasn't gonna go here.
I was like.
"Why would I go all the way to Kansas?
I don't know where this is. Independence"
Then I get on the phone. he's like.
"I feel you're a NFL-type back."
He's buttering me up. My dad told me.
he's like. "You're going here."
[Brown] We brought a letter of intent.
He signs that. he's our baby now
and gets out of the nest.
This is the time. right here.
He needs to do. Know what I'm saying?
Uh... I mean...
It's a great situation.
[Brown] Okay. he has not signed.
Damn. shoot. man.
[stammers] I got a couple minutes
to sell you a car. then.
Know what I'm saying?
Coach Brown. that's my dog. When he had
called me. I thought he was a black dude.
How he was talking. like.
I really thought he was a black dude.
[Brown] I'm no car salesman. man.
I give it to you raw and uncut.
I'm gonna be honest. brother.
This is a meat market.
[Bobby] When he was saying
he from Compton and all.
and he was sleeping in a car.
like. I did that.
Like. some nights. I done slept in a car.
Like. damn. like. me and him can relate.
Hut!
-[player 1] Go with it.
-[player 2] Good job!
[player 3] He can't stick you. 'Los!
[Brown] Carlos Thompson.
a phenom out of high school.
went to Texas Tech as a freshman.
[announcer] Thompson has a lane.
Has some speed!
[Brown] He had bumps in the road
and did some things off the field
that got him in trouble.
I got in trouble for smoking.
They gave me multiple chances.
and I just... I couldn't get it right.
[Brown] He's on his last strike.
basically. so hopefully he figures it out.
'Cause he's an NFL talent.
I gotta get him to love the classroom
and love being a good person.
[Emmit Gooden] I left high school
without nothing. didn't get my GED.
I was kind of stranded.
so I only talked to Coach Brown once.
He's like. "Yo. son. you come down here.
I'm gonna get you your diploma in a week."
And he made it happen.
I get a hard on. man. to be honest
with you. getting these players graduated
and moved on. getting out
the neighborhoods they grew up in.
and getting them a better opportunity.
[Carlos] Coach Brown. he's given me
a lot in just the past two years.
I really do feel like we're gonna do
something special here.
We got the talent. And I feel like we're
finding our identity as just...
I guess I can say. some bad motherfuckers
out there on the team.
[Jordan Parsons] This year.
we're supposed to win 'em all.
Ain't no "supposed to win." "maybe not."
"it wasn't favored in this game."
Run the table.
There is so much talent here
on one roster
that everybody on this coaching staff
knows that we have a lot on our plate.
Out-of-state recruits
are normally your big-time players.
but they're big-time knuckleheads.
Last year's team
had 20 out-of-state recruits.
20% of the roster was knuckleheads.
This year's rule is there's no rule.
It's unlimited out-of-state recruits.
Unlimited roster. unlimited knuckleheads.
[indistinct voices over phone on TV]
[Brown] I'm looking at a video
of some idiots on my team.
Basically. you know. smoking on camera.
Kind of flossing it.
which is just ridiculous to me.
But. you know. they're showing off.
showing our gear.
I mean. it was just... it was just...
it was just amazing to me. [sighs]
In the dorm. So. you know. Carlos
Thompson. who I've given three chances to.
Cut him last year
and then I had him at Garden City.
brought him to California.
brought him here.
Mom paid for a bunch of stuff.
so he is who we thought he was.
You know what I mean?
Sign this motherfucker right here.
You fart in the wind and I smell it.
you're fucking done.
You motherfuckers don't police each other.
That's the fucking problem. man.
Now you're on
a one-point fucking contract.
and it means you're gonna handle it
like a grown-up and don't fuck up no more.
Man. nobody cares.
The real world's gonna hit your ass
in two years when you leave.
If you do leave. Carlos is fuckin' just
working for the last 18 months.
What would you rather do? Here or there?
Here.
[Brown] This is your last shot.
It really is beyond your last shot.
You're beyond your last shot. You know
that. So it's time to man up. man.
I mean. your mom's banking on you
to fucking do this thing right.
You're gonna be on fucking tape. getting
kicked out of school? Come on. man.
I love you. but damn.
[announcer 1] See him lower his shoulder
trying to run over the punter.
[announcer 2] How about Thompson?
Not a big guy.
trying to run over somebody at the end.
[Carlos] When I went to Texas Tech.
it was one of those things.
I had a lapse in judgment. so I had to
end up leaving and figure some stuff out.
like what I really wanted
to do with my life.
Did I wanna be that guy.
or did I actually wanna be the person
that I was raised to be. you know?
I couldn't stop smoking and. like.
they kept popping me with drug tests.
Like. I knew I had failed it. You feel me?
-[Markiese] Bro. how is it at a D-I?
-It's lovely.
Like. all the stuff you got to worry about
here. you don't gotta worry about there.
You got tutoring centers.
You're eating four meals a day for sure.
Plus. you get your stipend check.
like. your monthly check.
Dudes go to school and come back
about 20 pounds bigger and more iced.
-[laughs] Big boy got all the Js.
-All the fucking Js.
Earringed up. watches.
You like. "Hold on."
-What they be getting paid in D-I?
-You get about two racks a month.
Every month.
and that's just going for your rent.
You're left with $800
just sitting in your pocket.
When I was there and that trouble started
happening. the coaches were telling me.
"Son. you're a great football player.
you're a great person.
But life gonna go on without you
at this university."
And me. in my head. I'm thinking.
"Man. I'm the man. What you think?"
Yeah. What you think. nigga?
The next year.
as soon as I was up outta there.
another person in there wearing number 13.
Like. you feel me?
Now look at me.
I'm here at JUCO trying to get it now.
[Harris] Some of you
still gotta get enrolled.
Get that done today. No hats. no visors.
no earphones in class.
Make sure you sit in the very front.
Everybody understand that?
You guys go have a great first day
of class. Good job.
[indistinct chatter]
Damn. y'all knocked down the tree.
[Brown] Hey. what you so loud about. man?
You know there's classes in here?
Shut the hell up.
[player] Damn.
[LaTonya Pinkard]
So. Ms. Pinkard. Little bit about me.
I am from Atlanta. Georgia.
Chattanooga. Tennessee.
So I'm a Southern girl.
I believe sweet tea and butter
make everything better.
-Anybody else from the South?
-Yes. ma'am.
Okay. Because I am from the South.
a little country may come out
and I do not hide it.
It is part of who I am.
So I don't try to cover it up.
So. if you hear me say. "ain't.
'bout to. finna'. gotta. y'all..."
it is what it is.
Do I speak like that
in a professional environment? No.
Do I write like that? Of course not.
But I'm comfortable.
I accept the region I've come from.
and I don't try to hide it.
My teaching style. We don't have homework.
tests or quizzes.
I believe those are made to cheat.
so I don't have 'em.
But I do grade your papers
as if it's a quiz or a test.
So if you've heard anyone say. "Oh.
she grades hard." No. I don't grade hard.
I just see people. they write wrong.
and I grade accordingly.
If I'm sitting with you. I may say.
"This paper sucks. What are you doing?"
Take it with a grain of salt. I'm just
trying to get you to another level.
Some people will fight me. but I'm
I may take the paper. say write it again.
I'm trying to get you to another level.
Everybody's trying to go
to their next four-year school. right?
Are you all gonna allow me
to help you get there?
-Yes. ma'am.
-[Pinkard] That was a mumble.
Ooh. Lord! Let me try that again.
Are you gonna allow me
to help you get there?
[all] Yes. ma'am.
No. not good enough. One more time.
Gonna allow me to help you get there?
-[all] Yes. ma'am.
-Okay. Thank you.
[Pinkard] A lot of students don't get it.
because sports consumed their lives.
where education's on the back burner.
That was the one reason
I wanted to teach at a community college.
to catch that. so you'll learn
how to write and speak better.
Because it hurts my heart when you leave
high school and you still don't know.
I can go around the room now
and point out who will make it
and who won't. just on experience.
I see the trainwreck coming
and I'm thinking I am the train. so move.
Follow instructions. come to class.
and we won't have any problems
whatsoever at all.
Trust me. you're gonna be great.
We're good?
-[student] Yeah.
-All right. have a good one.
[indistinct chatter]
[Frank Diaz] Good.
-Eyes to the tuck.
-[exhales heavily]
[Diaz] Catch the ball.
Reach out. get it.
Tuck it in.
Watch yourself tuck it in.
Don't just tuck it in.
There you go. Watch... Good. good!
Come on.
Come on. bro. Hey. Seriously.
if you don't wanna do this shit.
if you don't wanna be out here. bro.
just leave.
just leave. For real.
[Diaz] Fight through it.
I don't need your attitude.
Get out. Get out. man. Get out.
[Brown] I talked a lot about Malik.
The coach at Oklahoma thinks
he's one of the best he's ever seen.
Coach Kiffin at FAU
has both Florida State guys.
And I can tell he thinks
Malik's better than those two guys.
So you know that.
We know what he is. so...
[grunting]
[whistle blows]
[Brown] Give him a sack.
White hat. he was sacked.
Tell him he's sacked!
[Malik] What? I was not back here.
The fuck y'all marking the ball
back here for?
Ain't no pussy.
Tell him stop calling that whistle.
[Brown] Don't talk back to him.
Relax. Come on.
[Malik] I'm straight.
[Diaz] He's a competitor. He wants to win.
His arm is amazing.
I mean. just football-wise. he's great.
It's making him keep his composure.
[Brown] Malik has to control his temper.
He's gotta control his competitive edge.
He was out there
talking shit to everybody.
I like it. That's how I was as a QB.
but I knew how to control it.
[Malik] Y'all got lucky on that first one.
Dumbass. come on. [grunts]
[Brown] Flag. flag. flag!
Who's that on? Quarterback?
-[Malik chuckles]
-[Brown] Fucking dumb.
[stadium announcer] Unsportsmanlike
conduct on the quarterback.
[Brown] Malik. you just cost us a penalty.
son. Another fucking penalty.
You would've been ejected.
That's two deals.
-Okay.
-Come on. man.
Defense talking shit.
Why can't we?
That's good. That's what they want.
[Malik] Man. these sorry-ass refs.
[Brown] He told the ref.
"You fucking suck."
Then he said he didn't.
They said he threw the ball
at a defensive guy on the sidelines.
I didn't even say it to the ref.
I said it to. like. the run-- I'm here..
What? I'm like. "Dude."
However you wanna do it.
make the announcement here on ESPNU.
I'll be committing to Florida State.
[anchor] Well. there's more.
[reporter] He was the most
physically talented QB on the roster.
But unfortunately. hings just didn't
work out for the former five-star recruit.
Had too many personal problems going on.
They tried to work with him. tried
to get him help for whatever his deal was.
They tried. man. but at some point.
you can't have that around your program.
Malik. right now he's suspended
for violation of team rules. Right now.
-Further comment you could provide?
-No. he'll be... he'll be. he's suspended.
-Violation of team rules. right now.
-[indistinct question]
He's suspended right now.
violation of team rules.
[Guardabascio]
Something I heard a lot was.
"How long do you think it's gonna be
before Malik ends up kicked out
or transferring out of Florida State?"
Sometimes. it's the kid
having behavioral issues
or grade issues
with all the recruiting hype.
Kids start to feel themselves
a bit too much. and it gets in the way.
[FSU coach] This kid
has blown third. fourth chances
just in his time in Tallahassee.
So. quite honest. I would be surprised
if he got it together
and we ever hear from him making
meaningful contributions
on the football field.
This could be like a goal line play.
'cause I'm also rolling out.
You gotta think about
what our guys can grasp.
Malik Henry is different. He's a savant.
He's smarter than some of my coaches.
[Diaz] His football IQ is just phenomenal.
We haven't put in the audibles.
and the guy flips the play
to the other side.
guy takes off for 15. 20 yards.
[Brown] He was at Florida State.
probably a top-five program in America.
and you come to Independence. Kansas.
would you be all glitter and gold?
[scoffs] I don't think so.
[Malik] I really didn't wanna be here.
In my head.
I'm thinking. "I'm better than this."
I feel like I'm out
in the middle of nowhere.
I'm not used to having to eat
Walmart food every night
and reality hits you. and. you know.
sometimes you just gotta go with it
and make. you know. bad things turn
into a good situation for yourself.
[Hendrickson] Malik needs
that wake-up call.
realizing. "Even though
I consider myself hot shit.
I'm a five-star recruit.
this is the opportunity I have
and I'm just gonna play football."
[Guardabascio] He's looking for
a turning point.
"I really understand
what I have to do now."
You would have to imagine
that would come in a place like Kansas.
[Brown] I just hope Malik understands
that he's an NFL player.
and only you are gonna prevent you
from going to the NFL.
[coach] Let's go. let's go. let's go!
Come on. guys!
[coach] Better! Better. Hey.
Set.
[Harris] Come on. Shoot your hand!
Can we shoot our hands?
[coach] Keep running!
Got my trap. My trap is pointing up.
So what do you...
Okay. We'll have to heat it up
and wrap it up.
and somehow see if we can get it.
[Brown] Get in the huddle.
Who's not in?
Who's supposed to be out?
Malik. you ain't got a hot on this.
-[shouts]
-[whistle blows]
-[Harris] Are you kidding?
-[Diaz] Get out.
Shit. Fucking three games away. we're out
here fucking blindsiding each other.
-Fucking ridiculous.
-Gotta get him square to the line.
[Malik] We're not experienced up front.
We got a freshman center.
As time goes on. we'll get it together.
We should have Buckmaster back in a couple
weeks. He's a big part of our offense.
He makes the right reads. he makes them
fast. and he's also a great leader.
Makes sure guys are set. and gets on 'em
when they're not doing their job.
[Harris] Test the screen. Let's go!
Hopefully. with Bates.
we'll piece it together week by week.
[Harris] Two-one thousand. Three. Go!
Bates. you ain't freaking playing full go.
You ain't playing full go. Bates.
Here we go. Hustle back. Hurry up!
[woman] Tell me when.
-You're almost there.
-[chuckles]
Right there.
There isn't a lot of risk for doing more
besides having more pain at this point.
There's plenty of pain now.
Exactly. So we gotta address that first.
[Kerry] Strength is the main thing.
I can handle pain.
but if I can't push someone off me...
-I play O-lineman. so...
-Right.
-...I have to push them off me.
-Yes. Exactly.
I don't wanna miss. like.
the whole season.
-You know what I'm saying?
-Yes.
-If I miss the first game--
-The first game...
I told Coach Brown
that we will know on Tuesday
a good estimate of whether or not
you're gonna have enough strength.
[Kerry] I e-mailed Coach Brown
my highlight film.
I didn't expect him to get back to me
or nothing. cause no one.
out of. like. 50 different schools.
not one e-mailed me back.
As soon as I sent my film here
to Coach Brown.
the very next day. Coach Donerson calls me
and he's like. "Hey. We loved your film.
We have a spot here for you.
Here's a scholarship."
At that point. my dad.
he just got locked up.
my stepmom's going crazy.
I'm tired of being in that situation.
so I was like.
"You don't even gotta tell me anything
about this place. I'm on my way."
My grandparents ended up scrounging up
about $80 or so for me. And...
I drove halfway across the country
in my little Honda
with $80 and a Tupperware of spaghetti.
and now I'm here. [chuckles]
So...
[Raechal] We're making positive progress.
We just aren't where
we wanna be quite yet.
Remember that when you go back.
it's going to be being hit again.
Wish I could do something. Anything.
First day of practice.
the first rep of the drill. it popped
and I just... I had the biggest pain.
I thought I broke it.
The first thing he tells me is.
"Your season's over."
I've literally put everything into this.
I've committed 100% to this place.
I've been here for eight months straight.
working my ass off.
I can't let that happen. You know.
Like. my teammates. they need me.
They're depending on me out there.
I'm the center.
I run that offensive line.
so I was rushing it real hard. trying to
get back out there for that first game.
really trying to. you know.
not let my teammates down.
We see the opportunity that we have here.
Coach Brown has really
turned this place around.
So I feel we like could go all the way.
The only thing I worry about
is that O-line.
[Manoa Latu] Watch the left. let's go.
Look at the formation.
Good. Bobby. widen out. Widen out. Bobby.
Outside. Bobby.
[whistle blowing]
Hey! Come back here.
When they're coming from distance.
you see everything that's going on.
So don't just look at the first dude
and try to tee off on him.
The QB had the ball back here.
and you're still running at the fullback.
-Know what I'm saying?
-All right.
-Play smart. Right now--
-[player] Bobby. you in.
Let's go. Go. Come on. man.
Your brain all right?
See your puller!
[whistle blowing]
[Latu] Right now.
this is what you're doing.
You're looking inside. right?
Quarterback already said.
"Tackle. block his dumb ass over there."
[all laughing]
[Bobby] All right. you right.
[Latu] Hey. but start playing smarter.
Every time. you're trying
to hit the first thing moving.
You do that. you're gonna miss
the play that comes right to you.
Every play is not gonna be a big hit.
All right? The big hits will come.
[Bobby] In Little League.
one of my coaches was like.
"You hit like a girl."
I had a point to prove.
I started hitting even harder.
I got so much anger built up. like...
it's either I fight somebody...
or like when we play football.
and I just turn up.
I had got kicked off the basketball team
twice. both years. for fighting.
Like. I couldn't control it.
Every time somebody says something
negative to me or something. like...
I just snap.
My senior year.
I got first-team everything.
District player. runner-up. everything.
But my ACT score was really bad.
So I was like. "I ain't going to college."
That's when Coach Brown was like.
"How would you feel
to come up here. play football?"
At first. I was a little fishy. Like.
I thought it was a joke or something.
"You really saying I could come to college
and. like. my grades bad and stuff?"
-[indistinct chattering]
-Uh-uh. We are not in the cafeteria.
All right. So here we go.
Today we're gonna go over introductions...
[Bobby] I just wanted to see
how it was just to be in college.
Nobody in my family made it
through high school or whatever like that.
Like. my mom was locked up. My brother.
he got a diploma. but it was in prison.
So I was like. "Man. I gotta...
I gotta graduate."
[Pinkard] Right. Okay. Yes. sir.
-You got a class after this?
-[Pinkard] Hmm?
You got a class after this?
-[Pinkard] No. Why. what's up?
-I was gonna talk to you after class.
What time are you gonna go eat?
[Bobby] I ain't gonna--
I don't eat that food.
-What do you eat?
-Nothing.
-What?
-I don't eat.
So. you're not a bone yet.
so you're eating something.
What're you eating? Snacks? Potato chips?
Pop Tarts? Cookies? Crackers? What?
Probably snacks.
[sighs] Mr. Bruce. that is a problem.
How am I supposed to help you
and you're not even nourished?
-Okay. we'll talk after class.
-All right.
-We got-- I got you.
-[chuckles]
All right.
[Pinkard] Sit down.
This what I want you to do.
Give me three positive words about you.
I don't know.
That's hard.
Three positive words about you.
I mean...
I'm not a quitter.
-[whistle blows]
-[Brown] Over and back! Spread!
-Let's go.
-[Ornelas] Go. Keem!
Hurry up. Vega!
[indistinct chatter]
Cold. hot. Hot. cold! It's just like that.
bro. This is Kansas. bro. This shit crazy.
Hey. when it gets cold like that.
so you know. probably a tornado.
But I'm not fucking taking
these dudes off the field. O-line up! Set!
-[whistle blows]
-[Brown] Over and back!
Sprint! Hope the tornado scoops
some of your lazy asses up!
That's the hardest you can fucking run?
Run your ass back to Detroit.
motherfucker!
-Shit. [scoffs]
-[whistle blows]
[Brown] Fellas. we're all sick and tired.
and we all got excuses.
Excuses get you fucking beat.
Listen. Locker room now is nice.
I got TVs in there.
I got a sound bar in there.
There's couches in there.
We'll hook up the PlayStation later.
I don't care.
We got Adidas.
Tonight. you guys will have slides. shoes.
We got another pair of shoes coming.
so you have two different pairs of shoes.
You got more shit than fuckin' anybody.
You wear it if you're around.
I will let you wear slides to class.
[player] Yeah.
It has to be those Adidas.
I promise you. if it's a Nike slide.
you're cut. number one.
and two. I'm gonna lose my Adidas deal.
Shit. Adidas stuff's piling in.
Hopefully... our uniforms over here.
though. Coach?
We have a issue. Our uniforms...
We're on the phone with Adidas.
We may not have 'em here.
and now we're fucked.
-Can you call Bryce and ask him...
-[Ornelas] What about the jerseys?
That's the only thing we care about.
What's up with jerseys?
-[Brown] Don't have anything.
-We'll take anything. We got pants.
-We need a top. Here's Coach Brown.
-[Brown] Let me talk to him real quick.
When will I know is the issue.
Save me. man. Save me.
All right. All right. bro.
Later.
[Ornelas] Same shit. huh?
We can't be too much of a dick. bro.
We got shit coming every day in pallets.
-[phone rings]
-[sighs]
Look at this. man.
This is what our kids
get to fucking eat. man.
What is that?
[Harris] Jailhouse food. man.
[Brown] It ain't...
There's three trays empty.
[Jason Martin] I told you. man.
Gonna be bad.
Don't get this food on there
'cause it's bad.
-You don't want this food on there.
-Man!
-It's bad.
-Man.
-You wanna see my meal?
-You gotta get it how you live.
[Lakiese] This chicken disgusting.
[Malik] That food looks stressful. yo.
Bro. I'm about to go.
Bro. I'm not eating this nasty food.
Man. I'm about to throw this away.
I ain't eat it for a reason. Look at it.
Like fingernails on that pizza.
Eat it if you want. bro.
[Emmit] They be diggin' in they booty
and. like. touching the pizza.
I'm gonna go. no shit.
bro. you're trippin' out.
[Brown] You still got the mediums
for like six something?
All right. Let me get...
Let me get... five of those.
All deep dish or whatever you call it.
[man] I'm sorry. sir. There was a glitch
in the computer. But I got it now.
Can you restart that. though?
-Two pepperoni. two Italian sausage.
-Okay.
What kind of crust? I can't do anything
if you don't tell me the crust.
Bro. I already gave you the crust.
I told you fucking deep dish.
Why are you yelling at me?
[Brown] Not my day.
Do we have a BPU period tomorrow too?
[Brown] I order pizza from there
all the time. man.
The manager. I'm cool with.
[Harris] Here's the thing.
we got so much other stuff to do--
[Brown] I'm waiting on a manager.
[manager]
How can I help you?
[Brown] I'm head football coach
at the college.
I called to order a bunch of pizzas.
I spend a lot of money at your place...
[Brown] Walk 'em. you gotta check classes.
-It's everything.
-[Max Olson] Yeah.
[Brown] Wipe their ass. to be honest.
Gotta do everything for these fuckers.
Right. And you don't have
the academic counselor
-as the star of the show here?
-No.
-That's you? Yeah.
-It's me. I'm Brittany Wagner. man.
-Is that her name?
-[laughs] Yeah.
[Brown] Two people in the world I trust:
me and the other one ain't you.
If something screws up.
I'm gonna yell at somebody and be mad.
I might as well do it myself.
so I yell at my dang self.
So. I don't know how often that is.
but I want to make sure I do it my way.
so that way I know it's right and tight.
I'm hands on. Bob.
That's why we built this fucker
from the ground up.
[Bob Craig] He calls himself a designer.
I just make his visions happen.
'Cause when I put signs up for him
and stuff.
he gets out there.
he starts looking at it. and says...
I say. "Look. I'm the maintenance guy.
I'm just gonna stick it on the wall."
He wants to make it in a pattern. I say.
"You figure out what you wanna do
and I'll do it right."
Those signs over there?
I pulled them down three times.
Yeah.
But it's all worth it.
It's gonna be a great season this year.
I gotta believe.
You just have to live here long enough
to understand what this all means to us.
[Carpenter]
Looking forward to a great game.
[man] This is gonna be an outstanding
game to kick off the season.
[Carpenter] Of course. Iowa Western
outside the conference itself.
but definitely a marquee matchup
I think for week one.
[man] We can see right now.
we're paid big dividends.
a lot of big-time transfers
have come in to Independence.
A lot of talent on the field
we haven't seen in the past.
[police officer] With Jason coming in.
the expectations are pretty high.
knowing the caliber of players
that are coming here to play for him.
When you have people in town
coming up and saying.
"Oh. yeah. did you know they got
30 D-I players on the squad?"
[man] I've been reading in the paper
football was on an upswing here.
Independence is nationally ranked
this year. which kinda surprised me.
And I guess it's all
due to the coach we have.
[man on radio]
They used to be doormats.
It's different now Coach Jason Brown
has brought commitment and intensity
this place hasn't seen in a while.
and it's paying off.
[Tammie Geldenhuys] He's doing
an impossible thing. Not just hard work.
It's your soul that goes into that.
I see it not just changing
football players or a college.
I see it changing a town.
[Carpenter] I run into folks. first thing
they say is. "How about them Pirates?"
It's been 30 years since we've had
that opportunity to say that.
We just might have a shot
to win the Jayhawk Conference title.
[man on radio] A lot of hype here
in the small Kansas town of Independence.
Little under 10.000 people. but every team
that you're gonna face this year
wants a shot at you.
That's something
Independence can't usually say.
[man] Whether Independence is going
to become a football powerhouse.
I don't know. I'm skeptical.
They have had 20 years of losing seasons.
To turn that around on a dime
is a tall order.
We'll see.
[jingle playing]
All right. so we are off and running.
Already. the first week.
some big games. marquee matchups.
and the Iowa Western Reivers
have regrouped. reloaded.
and are ready for bear.
Or make that the Pirates. Har. har.
The 17th-ranked Pirates are loaded.
[Harris] Here.
let's go spring game right here.
I know. it just gives us a peek.
but still. it's football. baby!
[Harris] Oh. man. Come on. JJ Davis.
get to the good stuff. man.
I know they gonna have some...
some beef up front.
There they are. this is before the...
This is before the... Ooh. Stiffed-arm.
[Geldenhuys] Iowa Western. one of those
strong. perennial football powerhouses.
Had a lot of success.
This is a big meeting for us.
First game out. nothing like playing some
of the best right out of the gate. so....
-[man on phone] So who y'all play?
-Iowa Western.
Y'all gonna beat 'em?
Yeah. they don't look too good up front.
They got two tackles. uh. pretty big.
but besides that. up. like.
in the interior. like.
the guards and center.
from Iowa or whatever.
-so they can't be too good.
-[man] What they gonna do with you?
It's over with. I gotta get me
some touchdowns this season.
[Keith Donerson] Set. hit! Quickly.
Get on up. Get a burst. get a burst!
[Brown] There you go.
[exclaims] Let's go!
You can't fucking stop!
Fucking shit.
[Brown] You're practicing
like it's a walkthrough.
Guess what?
Iowa Western had a scrimmage
live yesterday!
-Holy shit. Oh. Lord.
-[whistle blows]
Get him out. Get him out.
-Throw me another one.
-Get out! Give me another guy!
Lazy cats. man.
Fucking. why are my fucking 21-year-olds
getting outworked by me?
Shouldn't have drank last night.
[Holmes] They say.
"Throw it up and keep it pushing."
-What they say. puke and rally?
-Rally. There it is.
Hey. victory formation.
Victory formation on me. ready?
[Brown] Listen. if I'm the defense.
I'm gonna sock your hand.
Snap it faster
than I can sock your hand.
[Malik] Easy. easy. Reset.
[Brown] Let's go. Come on.
We got the ball. we're winning.
[player vocalizing]
[Brown] False start. man. It's all right.
That's why we're doing this.
It's all right. rookie.
Ain't never gonna have
a motherfucker like me over your ass.
-[player] Ain't gonna kill you. big dog.
-[Brown] Shut your fucking ass up.
-Take some time off. good.
-[whistle blows]
Let's go. hey! You guys. celebrate!
Run along. celebrate! Let's go!
[all cheering]
Put 'em in the end zone.
[cheering continues]
[whistle blowing]
End zone! End zone! End zone!
Shut up and take a knee.
Fucking managers. too!
I wanna put the fucking fear of God
in Iowa Western
when you go off the fuck--
when you get off the bus!
They have already lost the game
when you get off the fucking bus...
when you play for me.
I will have you fuckers ready.
Guaranteed.
I'm a master motivator!
I ain't no regular-ass motivator.
I'm a fucking master!
Everybody's ready.
I'm a gamer! I'm a gamer!
You can't rise to my intensity!
I guarantee you I have more intensity
than everybody out here.
You cats better fucking match it
on Saturday.
You're either in or out right now.
You're ten times more talented
than them.
Maybe 20 times more.
Iowa Western can't beat you.
I'm just gonna be straight up.
They have no shot.
But if you don't come out.
ready to smack these dudes.
they will hang in the game with you.
Fellas. I love the shit out of you.
And I'm gonna be on your ass.
And I don't care
if you fucking hate me now.
Love me at the end.
when you get a scholly.
When you go D-I
and do what you supposed to do.
Touch each other.
get in and get a break loud and proud.
Family on three. family on three.
One. two. three!
[all] Family!
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Scott. this is Coach Ornelas
over at Independence JUCO in Kansas.
We're trying to figure out
this whole uniform situation.
exactly when they're gonna be here.
We're facing a forfeiture at the moment.
so literally every moment that goes by.
we're getting closer to that.
[sighs] Fuck me. man.
Why don't he have a fucking answer for us?
Like. I don't get what's going on.
Is it a lie or what? Know what I'm saying?
I'm scared as shit. man. I'm telling you.
I'm like a fucking whore in church. man.
[Ornelas] You get them as I get them.
[sighs]
[grunts]
Whoo!
You guys are missing out. man.
Can I light this?
I'm being pulled in 20 directions. I gotta
go call the offense and call the plays.
I've installed the offense sparingly
because I just have had done.
like you've seen. I've built locker rooms.
I've built weight rooms.
I've built offices.
I've built defensive offices.
I've built...
You know. we get Adidas.
I haven't even watched that much film yet.
and I'm the play caller Saturday.
But I have that much confidence in myself
that I've been known as a savant of sorts.
of being able to dissect the team
on the run.
and I have a quarterback like Malik Henry.
who can basically live through me
on the field.
It's the Jimmy's and the Joe's
not the x's and the o's.
And if those kids believe in you
and have a relationship with you.
they will score
on peanut butter and jelly.
every time for you.
And you don't have to coach them that hard
or be that sophisticated.
You tell this dude to go through that wall
right there at 100 miles an hour
because he believes in you and he will.
He just ran peanut butter and jelly.
100 miles an hour.
Did I even answer the question?
That thing so sexy.
[Malik] Can I get a medium?
-[man] Large shirt.
-We don't got medium.
-No medium?
-Large.
-They're tight. You're good.
-Alright.
[Brown] QBs. wideouts! Come over here.
I'm hand signaling everything
in to you guys on offense.
You know what FBI means? What?
[man] Football IQ?
Football intelligence. motherfucker.
So are we all good with signals?
-What's this?
-[players] Slant.
-[players] Pitch.
-What's this?
-[players] Go.
-What's that?
-[players] Post. Out. Ten yard out.
-That?
-Five yard out.
And we might be seeing inside corner
and I'm gonna be fast. fellas.
I'm gonna be fast with Malik all day.
I might be three by one
boom-boom slant sluggo.
-What's this?
-[players] Pitch and go.
All right. we good with that.
-That's really it.
-Okay.
[Malik] I think our coaches
are scrambling to keep us in check.
They got a lot going on.
I just think they lose sight of. you know.
sometimes. maybe the football things.
I'm worried about our alignments.
and are we gonna know our assignments.
But once we get out there
and all the jitters will come out.
and I think we'll be on a roll.
Obviously. the Natty is our goal.
That's what we've been working towards.
But I'm happy if everybody
just goes out there every snap
and plays like it's their last.
[Diaz] It's gonna be easy.
How long has it been?
[Malik] A while.
That's what you play for. right?
Go out there and have fun.
Remember. I can't go broke
by making profit. all right?
Don't force anything. take what you can
-to live another day.
-Mmm-hmm.
Been doing a good job lately.
Keep it up.
-Keep drinking this Gatorade.
-All right.
Number one thing: composure. baby.
-All right? Composure.
-Yep.
Whoo! Let's go! Remember the mission!
Remember the goal.
Nobody wants to live here.
We gotta get up out of here.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Thank you. where do we get the T-shirts?
T-shirts. I think
they're selling over there.
[cheering]
[cheerleader 1]
We're gonna be good this year.
I predict win every game.
Touchdown after touchdown
after touchdown. We gonna beat 'em!
[cheerleader 2] They whooped on us
for a long time!
[cheerleader 3] It's time
for us to take over.
[crowd cheering]
[Harris] It's game time!
Two fans in the stands.
20.000 in the stands.
You put on the best you can.
[Brown] Listen up. Get in tight.
You need to go out there
and fucking bury these dudes
like they don't even belong on the field.
When I count to three. you're gonna say.
"Who expects?"
I'm gonna say something. you're gonna say.
"We expect." I'll go down the line.
So every time I'm done. you're gonna say.
"Who expects?" again.
I'm gonna say. "Who expects?"
I mean. you're gonna say. "Who expects?"
You're gonna say. "Who expects?"
I'm gonna say something.
Then you're gonna say. "We expect."
You're gonna start over again.
"Who expects?"
You got it? All right. you ready?
-On three. you got it. One. two. three.
-[players] Who expects?
To dominate the line of scrimmage?
[players] We expect.
-Go again.
-[players] Who expects?
-[Brown] Go. loud!
[Brown] To put 11 hats on the ball
all night long!
[players] We expect! Who expects?
To shut these motherfuckers out!
To leave this bitch victorious!
[players] We expect! Who expects?
-[all cheering]
-Hold up.
All right. all right.
hold up. hold up. hold up.
All right. I got you. You feel it now.
All right. let's start it over then.
Let's go. On you. one. two. three.
-Who expects?
-To dominate the line of scrimmage.
[players] We expect! Who expects?
To put 11 hats
on the motherfucking ball.
[players] We expect! Who expects?
To shut these motherfuckers out!
To leave this bitch victorious!
[players] We expect! Who expects?
To not let me the fuck down.
To light up this motherfucking scoreboard.
[players] We expect! Who expects?
To put the fear of God
in these motherfuckers!
-[players] We expect! Who expects?
-[all cheering]
To win! Let's go!
[cheering continues]
[Drake's "Started from the Bottom"
playing]
♪ Started from the bottom
Now we're here ♪
Now my whole team fucking here ♪
♪ Started from the bottom
Now we're here ♪
Now my whole team here. nigga ♪
[announcer 1] Ladies and gentlemen. your
Independence Community College Pirates!
[all cheering]
[announcer 2] A very good evening from
Emmett Field in Independence. Kansas.
NJCAA football.
The season is underway tonight.
The Iowa Western Reivers.
number 12 in the NJCAA.
take on the 17th-ranked
Independence Pirates.
A ton of D-I transfers
on this Independence team.
One of you motherfuckers
gonna be the first to make a play...
and then it's a party tonight.
After that. it's a party. let's go.
[Brown] Get your mojo back.
-[player 1] Boot!
-[player 2] They coming!
We coming. baby! Kill somebody!
[announcer 2] Here comes
the Independence defense.
Only four Kansas kids made the squad
after the Jayhawk Conference
got rid of all in-state restrictions.
Reivers. on the other hand.
put 50 in uniform from Iowa.
First down and 10 for the Reivers.
handoff to Sargent.
He burst through the middle across the 50.
first down run for the Reivers.
Keith. get the D-tackle set! Wake up!
[announcer 2]
Only in his second year is Jason Brown.
First winning season for Indy
last year in 10 years.
Number 5. Emmit Gooden. he lines up.
Massive sophomore from Tennessee.
That's offside. Free play for the Reivers.
[Brown] Watch the ball!
They throw down
the sideline and he hauls it in.
They're fucking jumping. 'cause they're
not getting set. Look at 'em.
[announcer 2]
Penalty against Gooden.
[Donerson] Emmit!
Y'all get down right now. let's go!
[announcer 2] Another first down
for the Reivers.
Walding. handoff this time to T'boy White.
[Donerson] Jam! Jam!
And did he get in? He did.
Touchdown. Iowa Western!
-Fuck!
-Just goes right up the left side.
Reivers up 7-nothing on the Pirates.
That's not the way you want to start
the season in Independence.
Keith. our D-tackles aren't getting ready.
They see it. going tempo. not getting set.
they read Emmit three times
'cause his ass is so lazy.
All right. O. come on.
Take control. let's go. Come on.
Turn up right now. come on. Ready.
[announcer 2] Here comes
the much-touted quarterback
and the offense
of the Independence Pirates.
It'll be Malik Henry.
the QB out of Florida State.
Nothing like going from Tallahassee
to Independence.
Let's go. Bates!
Let's go. Back up. Frank.
get out of the fucking box.
[announcer 1] The five-star quarterback
claps his hands.
third down and seven.
Iowa Western with pressure.
[announcer 2] Scrambles to the right.
Pursuit coming. he's drilled as he throws.
Wobbly pass to Sean Carter.
He can't come up with it. though.
Three and out
for the Independence offense.
Fuck. Punt it. punt it. Punt it. punt it.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
[Malik] Hey. Bates.
Bates. come on. Hey. Bates. take control.
-Man. this is a JV team. fellas.
-[player] Lower than that. man.
They wouldn't hold our dang jock
right now. man.
Hey. go get me the board!
Get me the board. I need the board.
Hey. the board's over here all times!
Fuck. can we get a board?
Find these guys boards.
Parsons. go find us a board.
we need a board to write on.
-[Parsons] A whiteboard?
-Fuck. Yeah. a whiteboard.
[announcer 2] Under five minutes
in the opening quarter. it's 7-nothing.
Walding has time to throw.
-Up into the hands and another touchdown.
-[Brown] God damn it!
[announcer 2] Perry was defended closely
but went right over the top. 14-nothing.
It's lazy. undisciplined.
That's beating us.
You're getting no pass rush.
None. It's fucking like...
Here's your two D-ends right now.
That's the pass rush he got.
I watched it.
[announcer 2] Out comes Malik Henry again.
The tailback is Rakeem Boyd. a six-foot.
215-pound. redshirt freshman transfer.
There it is. handoff to Boyd.
He's wrapped up immediately.
nowhere to go!
Shit. Who was that?
[announcer 1] Henry. a handoff again
to the big back out of Texas A&M
and nowhere to go. All sorts of bodies.
I was excited to see what Rakeem Boyd
was going to do out of Texas A&M.
So far. haven't seen much from him.
[Malik] Could I ask why
the balls keep changing?
[announcer 2] Don't know
what they're sorting. Russ.
[Russ] Had to switch the ball.
looks like.
-[Brown] What's going on?
-[ref] Need an approved ball.
[Brown] Why don't we choose the ball?
We don't want a new ball!
I never been told
I need to use a damn new ball.
That's why fucking Tom Brady
has Inflategate. man. Shit.
[announcer 2] Not a single first down yet
for the offense of the Pirates.
To the outside.
He dives and can not come up with a catch.
[Malik] These balls
are really fucking me up.
[Brown] Dwight! [stuttering]
I have a serious ball situation.
They keep throwing these new balls at us.
Those are the game balls
that were approved. Coach.
As the home team.
the only thing you do...
[Brown] Can we switch 'em? It's bad.
We can't even throw 'em.
They're brand new. We'd never do that.
The game balls
that came to our locker room
are the ones we're playing with.
What the fuck is up with y'all. man?
We're not... [sighs]
Fuck! We're not fucking organized.
This shit started in fucking practice.
[announcer 2] 2:05 to go
in the first quarter.
Iowa Western have a pair of touchdowns
right now.
Play action again
to Sargent down the middle.
No. Walding hangs on.
Pressure coming. dumps it off to Sargent.
20. 15. down the sideline.
10. 5. touchdown. Iowa Western!
The Reivers go up 20-nothing
on the home team here at Emmett Field.
You better fix this shit quick.
Better fucking light a fire
in these dudes' ass.
Stars get you beat. man.
Motherfuckers think you're all that shit.
Will you guys help these guys out?
Is your season over or something?
Holy fuck! D-line.
you can't even get fucking set.
You guys are fucking despicable. man.
Y'all do all this hard talking.
but nobody wanna play.
Get the fuck up! Quit looking sorry.
Quit looking sorry! We all tired!
Get the fuck up!
[Brown] Right out the gate. pro right.
Roger runs. Smash.
D-up! All the downs!
Come on. baby. Come on.
[announcer 2] Let's see what Malik Henry
can do. Henry will roll to his right.
[Harris] Keep running.
[announcer 2] Pursuing. still pursuing.
Gonna bring him down
and a loss on the play!
Got a bad. bad nucleus of five stars. man.
That's what it is.
[announcer 1] It's unfortunate.
the Independence offense.
they're actually averaging
negative yards right now.
You're out of rhythm. You'll be all right.
Quit moping about it. You're all right.
It's gonna take a minute. dog.
[Malik] We're not calling
the right plays at all.
Coach Brown is not calling the right shit.
[announcer 2] Sargent again. to the 25.
the 20. inside the 20. to the 15.
[Malik] Why are we playing conservative?
We fucking losing.
You just need to freelance. bro.
[announcer 2] White slips. gets back up.
T'boy White. Touchdown. Reivers.
28-nothing. it's all Iowa Western.
[player] Fuck the game plan.
He know Malik know how to read defense.
He gonna kill it every time.
[announcer 2] Reivers back on the field.
Option pitch to Sargent to the end zone!
Bowls past the defender
and he's in for the touchdown
and it's 35-zip.
a blowout so far in game number one.
-[Brown indistinct]
-[Malik] Hey. let me call the plays.
-Let me call the plays.
-Yeah. we're good. Hey. the balls...
Listen. the balls cannot be changed
till halftime.
-[Diaz] What'd you say?
-I said let me fucking call the plays.
Quarterback wants to call plays.
That's bad.
Come on. guys!
[Malik] I'ma start calling plays.
-Doubles right. Illinois. re-raise 'em.
-[Malik repeats] On me. Ready?
[announcer 2] Malik Henry
trying to come up
with actually positive yards for Indy.
What does head coach Jason Brown
have up his sleeve?
[Malik] Nascar check. Nascar check.
Nascar check. Nascar check.
-[Brown] He's checking Speedo.
-[Harris] Why?
[Brown] I don't know. We don't need to.
[announcer 2]
Malik Henry looking to his left.
now he steps back.
looking down the field to his right.
It's caught! What a catch
at the 32-yard line by Calvin Jackson.
That's the first first down of the game
for the Independence Pirates.
[announcer 2] His hat's off.
He might've gone out of bounds.
[Brown] He was pushed out of bounds!
Number one. offense.
Went out of bounds on his own.
[all] What? What?
Oh. darn.
Loss of down. Fourth down.
[Brown] Oh. my God. man.
[announcer 2] Tremendous catch.
but all for naught. It'll be fourth down.
[Brown] Hey. come here.
I know you can call it. I'm cool with it.
but you can't say those things.
I don't wanna lose the team.
Just be cool. We'll be all right.
[Russ] Independence picked third
in the pre-season Jayhawk poll.
Everybody was high on them.
So far. the Reivers have
punched them in the mouth.
Iowa Western with a huge lead
on the Pirates.
They've gotta figure something out
strategically at halftime
because this is gonna take
a monumental comeback.
Get fired up. fellas. It ain't over.
[Malik] It's not even y'all.
Y'all doing great. It's not y'all.
[Richardson] We're not doing good.
Kinda back on our haunches a little bit.
We'll do better in the second half.
I'm not saying we're gonna catch 'em.
[Harris] Hey. let's go! Heads up!
[Brown] Hey. listen up.
There's no reason
to be fucking throwing shit and yelling.
Coaches are fucking up.
players are fucking up.
We're out of shape. it's on me.
I take the blame.
Yeah. we sure look pretty. though.
But we're fucking playing like dog shit.
Everybody's fucking up.
it ain't just me. it ain't just you.
It's all of us.
We're not on the same page right now.
You need to figure it out
and get on the same page real quick.
Figure this shit out. fellas.
Offense. wideouts come over here.
Look. We gotta make plays. fellas.
Everything seems to be
too big for everybody.
So we gotta just fucking relax.
It ain't over. Hutch was down 25-nothing
and then won 50-42.
We gotta pitch a shutout
and score fucking 43 points.
It ain't that hard. Fuck.
We need to call everything at the line
and go. Let's get it going.
I'm down to let him call it at the line.
but. like. I'm just saying.
-I don't want it to all look bad.
-[Harris] No. you still signal it in.
[Brown] I ain't call a play though.
[Harris] It's your call. You the OC.
[Malik] Do we have a board?
Do we have a board?
[Brown] Wideouts.
go with Malik on the board.
Give him the inside move. take that
shit high. read the safeties. okay?
Carlos. Carlos. this is you.
If you're here. give me three hard steps.
that's it. OK?
-If I have to roll out...
-Trip in?
Hell yeah. and find... You feel me?
If it's Roger. give me this.
Boom. give me that.
Listen up. kill the noise!
Listen. grown men figure out themselves.
You're gonna figure yourselves out today.
Family on me. family on three.
-One. two. three.
-[all] Family!
-Let's go! Hurry up! Hats on!
-[player] Let's go!
[announcer 2] Malik Henry
never got it going in the first half.
That's demoralizing
if you're Independence.
It's been all Iowa Western so far.
leading 42-nothing
at the first-half break.
[man] Let's go!
[Russ] Speedy wideout
Carlos Thompson back to receive the kick.
End over end to Thompson.
taken at the one-yard line
brings it out to the 10. 15.
out to the 20.
Trying to break an arm tackle.
And he's still on his feet!
He breaks to the outside. 40. 45. 50.
Thompson turns on the jets
and he breaks free!
There goes Independence...
-Touchdown!
-[crowd cheering]
Finally! Something for the Pirates fans
to cheer about.
Ninety-nine-yard kick-off return
by Carlos Thompson.
[player] Turn this boy up. man!
[announcer 2] A lot of time remaining.
Iowa Western is trying to answer back.
First down and 10.
right outside the red zone.
Walding takes the snap. looking left.
pursuit coming.
and he's drilled as he throws.
Ball's out and the Pirates recover!
[Russ] Steps out of bounds.
but not before making a key takeaway.
and the tide's starting to turn
a little here in Independence.
Good shit.
The energy.
the way y'all's moving on the field.
it kinda looked like y'all
a little bit out there.
Look at me when I call Vega.
and if I give you a head or anything.
that means corner post.
Let's go. O!
[Russ] Pirates offense will take over.
Malik Henry at quarterback again.
[Malik] Hey. Roger! Roger! Roger!
Hey. no. easy. easy. Lake. lake. lake.
-[player] Protect my Q.
-[Malik] Ready.
Protect my Q!
[Russ] Third down and 10.
Henry throws it deep. gonna be complete!
Into the hands of Calvin Jackson.
Touchdown. Independence!
This time. the throw was on the money!
[announcer 2]
An absolute laser beam of a pass
to Calvin Jackson on the post pattern.
[Russ] There you see Division I talent
as he puts that thing on a rope.
and it was perfectly in stride.
[Malik] See what happens
when I call my own shit?
Hey. come here.
Don't put me on blast. motherfucker.
Listen. you gotta run the football.
If we didn't complete that. we're fucked.
-I know. I got you.
-Come on.
[Malik] I saw it. though.
You see what happens
if I call my own shit?
[announcer 2] A pair of big plays from
Independence that got them on the board.
They score in 20 seconds after the fumble.
Reivers still lead by 28. 42-14.
[Russ] Malik Henry.
the Florida State transfer
trying to etch his name
into the record book in a huge comeback.
[announcer 2] Malik Henry. stepping up
in the pocket. looking downfield.
Pursued and now he's gonna eat the turf!
[Russ] Quarterback sack.
Henry had nowhere to go.
He tried to flush out of the pocket.
Reivers were there.
He tries to spin back around.
Some tough going on that.
[announcer 2] Malik Henry will limp back
to the sideline.
And they have just shut him down.
[player] God damn.
-[Brown] What is it?
-Head.
[Malik] I'm straight.
I just woke up dazed.
What's the score?
Oh. hell. We're losing by a lot.
You know where you are?
-Yeah.
-Where are you?
-In nowhere.
-[both chuckle]
The middle of nowhere. Kansas.
[announcer 2] Hill in motion.
Locksley to the end zone.
Touchdown. Reivers.
Iowa Western leading big again
in Independence.
Locksley out in the flat.
throw to the end zone.
Over the top. touchdown!
Holy smokes!
Iowa Western putting it all
over the number 17 team in the country.
Just a complete rout and we've seen
this story before. haven't we?
Post is gonna be there. all right?
Hey. come down to Shawn
if it doesn't work.
[Russ] A new quarterback in the game.
it will be Drake Smith. the freshman.
Down by 49 points.
They want to avoid any injury.
keep everybody healthy.
Smith stepping up in the pocket.
looking downfield.
Pursued and now he's gonna eat the turf
and a fourth down coming.
[Malik] Let me finish the quarter.
There's no need. Look at the score.
[Malik] I'm fine. I just want to finish.
Do you wanna ruin your future?
There's no need. bro.
[Kingston] I hope y'all got a look
at the stands. We don't get that no more.
Community was excited to come out here.
Standing room only.
before we start playing.
[announcer 2] Tucks under. Locksley
for the end zone. Did he get in?
Touchdown. Iowa Western.
I've been on the other end of this. man.
I've had 70 points in high school.
I put up 70 points on somebody.
-It don't feel right.
-Don't feel right at all.
Feel like a movie.
[Russ] Just trying to limit
the embarrassment at this point.
and another touchdown. Iowa Western.
Getting that old familiar feeling.
Just a total blowout loss in game one.
[girls laughing]
[Brown huffs]
Oh. shit. Well. that'll be a great story.
See if these guys can come back.
or they'll be exploited on national TV
as the worst JUCO in the country. Shit.
But I have to take it on the chin.
I'm the figurehead.
I accepted this and. uh... shoot.
It's on me. So...
I gotta either shit or get off the pot.
Season ain't over.
But it can be real quick
if these guys don't figure it out.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-